README.rst, before:

VideoMD Library
===========

This repository contains general Python functions for VideoMD 2.0 XML handling.

Installation
------------

This software is tested with Python 2.7 with Centos 7.x / RHEL 7.x releases.

Install the required software with command::

    pip install -r requirements_github.txt

Usage
-----

Import the library with::

    import videomd as vmd

Please, see the VideoMD documentation for more information:
https://www.loc.gov/standards/amdvmd/

Copyright
---------
Copyright (C) 2018 CSC - IT Center for Science Ltd.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

KDKPAS-2804 Add installation guide for Python 3.6

README.rst, after:

VideoMD Library
===========

This repository contains general Python functions for VideoMD 2.0 XML handling.

Installation
------------

Installation and usage requires Python 2.7, or 3.6 or newer.
The software is tested with Python 3.6 on Centos 7.x release. Python 2.7 support will be removed in the future.

For Python 3.6 or newer, create a virtual environment::
    
    python3 -m venv venv

For Python 2.7, get python-virtualenv software and create a virtual environment::

    sudo yum install python-virtualenv
    virtualenv venv

Run the following to activate the virtual environment::

    source venv/bin/activate

Install the required software with commands::

    pip install --upgrade pip==20.2.4 setuptools  # Only for Python 3.6 or newer
    pip install --upgrade pip setuptools          # Only for Python 2.7
    pip install -r requirements_github.txt
    pip install .

To deactivate the virtual environment, run ``deactivate``.
To reactivate it, run the ``source`` command above.


Usage
-----

Import the library with::

    import videomd as vmd

Please, see the VideoMD documentation for more information:
https://www.loc.gov/standards/amdvmd/

Copyright
---------
Copyright (C) 2018 CSC - IT Center for Science Ltd.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
